TINY-7817: avoid moving the selection to a comment with the normalization (#7895)
tinymce/tinymce: modules/tinymce/CHANGELOG.md

- Fixed incorrect word breaks in menu dropdowns with scrollbar #TINY-8572
- The `InsertLineBreak` command did not replace selected content #TINY-8458
- Delete operations could behave incorrectly if the selection contains a `contenteditable="false"` element located at the edge of content #TINY-8729

> - The selection is not moved over a comment on `editor.focus()` if the first element is a comment #TINY-7817

Reviewer: This isn't really the fix in the end... the fix is in the `editor.selection.normalize()` function and it's that it was placing the selection inside a comment node.

- [ ] Reword changelog to match the fix

Author: done

> - The selection is not moved over a comment by `editor.selection.normalize()` if the first element is a comment #TINY-7817

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The selection is no longer incorrectly moved inside a comment by the `editor.selection.normalize()` API #TINY-7817
```

Author: done
